[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Find a comfortable seat.
Allow your eyes to fall shut.
Become aware first of
your physical body,
the sensations in the physical
body, the places where
the physical body touches the
floor, the mat, or the cushion,
the sensation of
air on your skin,
the sensation inside your
mouth, behind the closed eyes.
How does it feel to be in
your body at this moment?
Next, become aware
of your breath
and the flow of
your inhalations,
of your exhalations.
And notice any feeling of
inner tremoring or aliveness,
feeling into the energy
of the body, your prana,
your vitality, noticing if
you feel awake or sleepy,
and just noticing the flows
of vital energy in the body.
Next, become aware
of your mind--
your perceiving mind, the mind
that's perceiving my voice
and the mind that's perceiving
outside noises or colors,
sensations, simply
witnessing and allowing.
Next, move your mind between
the eyebrows and up a bit
and then inside of
the skull cavity,
gathering the focus here about
two inches inside of the skull
and up above the soft
palate of the mouth.
Feel the spaciousness
of this place
as you gather your
attention here.
Inhale deeply.
And with your exhalation,
drop your awareness down
to the center of your chest.
And with your attention at
the space of your heart,
imagine what sound
you would make
if you had received your
heart's innermost desire
or wish, that which
would make you
completely satisfied, completely
whole, completely fulfilled.
Perhaps it would be a
deep sigh, like, ahh,
or a sound like, mmm.
Allow yourself to internally
silently hear this sound,
the sound of great contentment.
Allow it to move in and out
of the space of the heart
without focusing the mind
on it, simply allowing
the sound of deep contentment,
deep fulfillment to radiate
out and back in to the
space of the heart.
If you are moved to, you can
make this sound again out loud.
Or simply allow it
to silently vibrate
in the space of
the heart, allowing
it to ring every 5 or
10 seconds very gently,
almost as if you are
listening for it to be there.
And then allowing the sound
to drop away for a moment,
feel into the space of the
heart and notice what is there.
Does it feel dark or light?
Is there any sadness?
Is there any fear or worry?
Noticing what emotion,
what sensation
you feel at the space of
the heart and allowing,
inviting in whatever is there.
Noticing what sensation,
what emotion is there
present at the heart's face and
inviting in whatever is there.
As you invite in any
sensation, any emotion,
notice how it may
begin to shift.
And new sensation, new feeling
state, new thought may arise.
Allow this in, too.
And notice what is under
all of these feelings,
these sensations.
You may find yourself
moving into a state
of deep joy, of deep
relaxation, of deep bliss.
Or you may find yourself
in an emotional state.
Welcome in whatever is
present for you now.
And in welcoming, allow shift.
Again, move back to this sound,
the sound of great contentment,
allowing it to fill the
heart and to move in and out
the front, the back of
the heart, to all sides,
allowing it to flow
with your breath
or without the
flow of the breath.
You can effortlessly
stay with this sound
of great contentment,
moving in and out
of the fronts and the back of
the heart in all directions
for as long as you would like.
Namaste.
[MUSIC PLAYING]